And the next section are going to be working on is going to be Skills section.
So again we're going to go back to our age now.
We're going to create or hear a lot of room.
So it is easier for us to work.
And over here we're going to place a comment on here we're going to say skills section here and we're
going to select the whole line and copy and paste this and all we're going to write and this is going
to be and of skills.
And after that within the skills section first.
Right.
This is going to be section right here with an ID and we're going to say skills and we're going to press
tab and all here are going to say that we would want first a title and this title actually going to
be repeating for all of our sections.
Right now there's going to be a different name or here but the styling is going to be the same.
So here we're going to say title you know this and then we're going to say that this is going to be
a war here and the title so we can go back over here select the whole line right here.
Copy this one and we're going to say we're here and have a title over here.
The first thing that we want to do is actually have a div with a class of title here title then or here
within a day of we're going to have a handing one with a class of text we're here and we're here within
the title text we're going to write it.
Is going to be skills when you're doing this and you can see that this didn't work out the way you wanted.
Right so this is going to be skills.
And then once we press on here now we have a heading one with a skills.
Then after that we're going to have a day of title underly.
I'm going to say title on the line first time now we have title underlined.
Then now this is going to be the end of title.
Now I would want a actual skills section.
So the first thing we're going to have is they give me the skills center class here and within this
diverse skill center class we're going to have a article where we're here and we're going to say class
we're here and this is going to be skill.
Right so each individual skill we're here.
And then after that within this article first would want to have is a high if he were here and this
what I'm going to call it a pie chart.
So going to be a pie chart here.
Press time now we have our.
Then after that we would want to have a heading three panel here we're going to write and you can see
or hear.
This is our part pie chart right.
The small guy over here over here.
This is going to be hitting three.
And this is going to be here best here or here we're going to have a third thing this is going to be
paragraph.
So I'm going to say a paragraph within the paragraph I'm going to write Laura.
All right this is going to be dummy text and now we're using this brackets extension basically and oh
here I'm going to say I would say 15 here and like this and you know what I think we went a little bit
too much here.
Let's see where we should then.
Right.
So you know what.
Yeah let's just fine but just leave it like it is.
This one is going to be fine enough.
And here again you can decide if this text is you need more text or less text or however you would want.
Right.
Because usually I don't like putting too much text because sometimes it doesn't look very good.
Now let's just check it out right.
So this is going to be an article or here what we can do is we can go back over here and we can again
sort of like line by line here like this and then we can just copy and paste this right.
So we would need five more.
So one two three four five and so five of them.
And now for The Age CML the only thing left to do is we're just going to change these.
Right.
So this is going to be pie chart here.
The next one we're going to say this is going to be a line chart so I'm going to say over here the line
and shoulder here you can see this change over here.
This is we're going to change the value instead of a best data and say best results results here.
And then after We're going to have a four bolt here.
So we're going to say bolt instead of data here we're going to and this is going to be fast the speed
fastest speed reading this then we're going to have a flask.
So this is going to be not if they want to say flask here and this is going to be innovation this innovation.
Right.
And once we write innovation I actually realize that I copied two more.
All right so too many superheroes would want to do is just get rid of these guys.
No here we're going to have only four of them right.
That was the intention.
Now let's go to see assess.
And let's actually start telling the skills section.